[DOCS] HTTP client stats (#70512)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cluster/nodes-stats.asciidoc

`total_opened`::
(integer)
Total number of HTTP connections opened for the node.

`clients`::
(array of objects)
Information on current and recently-closed HTTP client connections.
+
.Properties of `clients`
[%collapsible%open]
=======
`id`::
(integer)
Unique ID for the HTTP client.
`agent`::
(string)

> Reported agent for the HTTP client, if available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reported agent for the HTTP client. If unavailable, this property is not
included in the response.
```

`local_address`::
(string)
Local address for the HTTP client.
`remote_address`::
(string)
Remote address for the HTTP client.

> `forwarded_for`::

Reviewer: Should this be `x_forwarded_for` per https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/server/src/main/java/org/elasticsearch/http/HttpStats.java#L80?
```suggestion
`x_forwarded_for`::
```

> `forwarded_for`::

Reviewer: It looks like the `last_uri` property may be missing:
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/server/src/main/java/org/elasticsearch/http/HttpStats.java#L74

Author: Thanks, @jrodewig! I missed a bunch of stuff on this one. I add the missing `last_uri` stat in https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/70512/commits/aa3efd4d60893711575fa91633ae6915bf580b41.

(string)

> Value from the client's `x-forwarded-for` HTTP header, if available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value from the client's `x-forwarded-for` HTTP header. If unavailable, this
property is not included in the response.
```

> `opqaue_id`::

Reviewer: Should this be `x_opqaue_id` per https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/server/src/main/java/org/elasticsearch/http/HttpStats.java#L81?
```suggestion
`x_opqaue_id`::
```

(string)

> Value from the client's `x-opaque-id` HTTP header, if available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value from the client's `x-opaque-id` HTTP header. If unavailable, this property
is not included in the response.
```

`opened_time_millis`::
(integer)
Time at which the client opened the connection.
`closed_time_millis`::
(integer)
Time at which the client closed the connection if the connection is closed.
`last_request_time_millis`::
(integer)
Time of the most recent request from this client.
`request_count`::
(integer)
Number of requests from this client.
`request_size_bytes`::
(integer)

> Cumulative size in bytes of all requests from this client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cumulative size in bytes of all requests from this client.
```

`total_opened`::
(integer)
Total number of HTTP connections opened for the node.

`clients`::
(array of objects)
Information on current and recently-closed HTTP client connections.
+
.Properties of `clients`
[%collapsible%open]
=======
`id`::
(integer)
Unique ID for the HTTP client.

> `agent`::

Reviewer: Nit: I'd add a newline between each definition for readability. Won't affect the HTML output tho.
